and well hello to all these tunes gaming
I hope you're fine, I'm fine
super we end up on clash of clan
on my ipod
so it's gone this video is going to be
dedicated to for a small presentation of
my village there town hall level 9
I do not have the harkis are still I
galley to make me money but hey
it's like that
the harkis that I tried to see her this
evening but it's super hard because I
get attacked meanwhile and they
pay a lot of money even time those
levels without who attack me and that
I am level 62 and May and since I
come the past not long ago
the town hall but the defenses are
not at the level
so I have a little clan so if you
want to come down come all levels
allowed for the moment the between our
buddy irl so we are four us that
so here I see here they have to elect a
little bit so we give a lot
Here I looked again like a who
ask so that's good so
here you have to present my plan
so we are four so there is lugo of 01
60 01 one hundred and sixty unequal 65
but luis center 1900 trophy soon
month axel pic-green plan leader with 57
too much sent 10 received and I'm at 1339
find Roman ten troops sent and
five troops received 1321 trophy and mm20
troops sent and 55 troops received
normal because winter was starting a
buddy if idiots up there using
for that points which for him to advance
for them to advance them enough
quickly so he so 150 found that
did a week that he started so
here
so my village I presented you a
little so that's all I have but the
ramparts level 6 sorry for the little
bug
what am I saying yes that's it
so
so that's so for the levels
I am not too high level so I do not
will show you already the troops a
little so I broke a level ninebox hi
mom does not improve pk because I do not like
finally it's still good but good
it's not me I do not like it
finally no no I have the barbarians level
the archers level 5 goblins five
giants 5 cambridge five balloons 2 i
never play with I do not like sorcerer 4
never play with done zero because I
see sometimes from time to time but
I never had time to
mount and dragons level level 3 this
that they have a soro factory and my ma
barracks to black with level 2 also
i never use tokyo m my troops
black 0 after for the boom spell out of
lightning level 4 is my healing spell
level 2 that will haunt the past at the level
3 so it's level 2 my my factory
Azores yes so it's still him
so here I have other ramps to a
level 4 and 5
because I just love the so m
I do not want to spend everybody
out of danger as I save for
my bow x so it will be instead so
my two articles will be in place of the
king of the barbarians and instead of the
gold reserve so game recovers quickly
way
I did not have time to connect
for seven games I do not get much
so that's it yeah that's good so I'll you
showed taxes the object levels so
she with level 5 because come the
embarrassment the medal is there is my pocket
finally I do not know anymore when so all the
guns are at level 10 so here we do
right now I hold all my under for
the artix so normal jousters nothing
gold reserves level 3 mounts matour de
Wizard Level 5 May Defense
antiairite hills where all levels iii
have booked with black elixir tank
level 2 but tesla level a jeep had
time to ride them again love mine
9 gold soon ten elixir tanks
level 11 and all but around his darchy
level 8 may mortar level 6 she
me wizarding tower level 4 11 rounds
of archers level 8 may drill sound
level a drill dictionary so
I have three workers huts because
I had
I do not want to put
money in it I find this serra
can not do anything so here I did a little bit
tower
such a level 5 lg I have to put them
so they are low level still the
camps under all levels 6 I believe
or 5 ha yes 6 5 5 is the host 5 also to
yes I thought they were all levels 6
but not this level 5
I'm okay I'm fine I find your
guards and we did wrong with the full full
goblins I find it pretty cool except
that I lose a lot of trophies
after I will dive other videos where
I will make the end of the little ones an age
with my troops
so that was just not my video of
presentation of my village so here we go
if you want to copy my village
do not care you can copy it from that
So here's a village
pretty basic but strong enough in defense
I hope I have said everything so here we go
those who want to join our clan
you can come you can come that
I do not mind
so that's good ciao go everyone